# Board Meeting 131

Date: 2014-10-20

Time: 20:47

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

## Attending
* Cedric
* James
* Jaymis
* Ravi
* Steph

## Absent
* Doug
* Jonathan

## Call to Order
* Called to order by Cedric at 20:47

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve by Cedric
    * Seconded by Steph
    * Approved unanimously

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 130
	* Motion to approve by Cedric
    * Seconded by Steph
    * Approved unanimously

## Report from President
* Heavy lab is so clean and organized, it's practically useful.

## Report from Treasurer
* Financials from September have completed; all our reporting is automatically generated by Quickbooks this month.  
* The new invoicing system seems to have dramatically reduced the time to settle membership dues.  
* Jonathan has received copies of the report PDFs for inclusion in the Meeting minutes.  
* Our HST remitance for 2009 has been assessed and closed; we were charged about $11 in interest/penalties and late filing fees, which the government then credited us.  
* We are expecting the 2010 HST remitance form shortly, at which point we can get that year closed.  
* Steph has created an OpEx fund, and by implication our pre-existing pool of money is now a CapEx fund; as such, donations/grants/misc income will go to CapEx, and routine income (members dues) will go to OpEx.

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Action item: Create OpEx fund (Steph)
	*Done.
* Action item: collect director PGP keys and put them on file (Jonathan)
	* Jonathan is not here.
* Action item: review job descriptions (all directors)
* Action item: Get money for Hacky Hallowe'en from Family Hack Jam (Jaymis)
 	* Per Jaymis, Pamela Brazza from Hive Waterloo got in touch 3 days ago expecting that the event was going forward; as Sean from Hive hadn't responded or acted in any way to provide the funding required by the deadline, Jaymis replied explaining that we would not be able to attend this year.

### Membership Applications
* Mark Steffan's membership application
	* We should defer on the grounds that Mark is not well known enough; Cedric to contact Mark.
	* Motion to defer by James
	* Seconded by Steph
	* Approved unanimously

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals
* Reimbursement to Agnes Niewiadomski for hot glue gun & glue sticks - $40.52
* Reimbursement to Ravi Baboolal for 5 year party food & supplies - $134.96
* Reimbursement to Steph Smith for 5 year party SOP & food - $99.55
* Reimbursement to James Bastow for 5 year party food & supplies - $274.47
* Reimbursement to Cedric Puddy for 5 year party alcohol & lights - $457.75
	* Approved unanimously

* Purchase approval of fire extinguisher to Neil Eaton - $90
	* Discussion: Ben says there should be two 5 lb extenguisher; there should be one by the laser, and one by the stairs.  Neil is buying a 10 lb ABC unit for the heavy lab welding area.     
	* Motion to approve by Cedric
	* Seconded by James
	* Approved unanimously 
* CO/Smoke detectors
	* In discussing the fire extinguisher, it occurs to the board that we may well be deficient in CO & Smoke detectors.  We know that there are Fire Based Appliances/Tools in the lab (the furnace and the coal forge specifically came to mind).
	* We believe it would be reasonable to have CO detector in the heavy lab, and in the area near the furnace.
	* We believe we need to ensure smoke detectors are in the front, back and upstairs of the structure.
	* Motion is that the board approves Neil to spend up to $200 to accomplish this.  
	* Motion to approve by Cedric
	* Seconded by James
	* Approved unanimously

### Doug's Status
* Steph reviews that we have Dougs conditional resignation on file from 2014-Aug-12, empowering us to do as we must, whenever we must.  
* Since we will be having a full members meeting shortly to accept the financial review, this is likely our only opportunity to replace Doug before the next AGM, and from the sounds of Dougs most recent update, he could remain off until first or second quarter of 2015; it would behoove us to take this opportunity to hold a by election.
* If we get the review on the 2014-11-10 BoD Meeting, we can open nominations on 2014-11-11, and on 2014-11-25 the President can set the agenda; 2014-12-04 would be our earliest date for the members meeting, which makes Friday 2014-12-05 appear ideal. 
* Plan therefore is to announce 2014-12-05 as combination Members Meeting (to accept the financial report & hold a by election) and Potluck Christmas Party.   
* Motion is to accept Dougs resignation, and proceed with Meeting Planning as discussed above.  Cedric is to contact Doug.
* Motion to approve by Steph 
* Seconded by James
* Approved unanimously

## New Business

### Sean Sinclairs Application For Hiatus
* Our bylaws stipulate a minimum term of 2 months hiatus for various reasons, and Seans request is for 1 month; Ravi will review with Sean. 

### Review of Board Board Procedure Re: Modifying Members' Status
* This requires Jonathan, who is not here this meeting, therefore shall remain on the agenda for next meeting.

## Old Business

### Trillium Grant
* Voting starts tomorrow; there is a survey that Christine and Neil have put together in Survey Monkey, in which Members will assign a priority to each proposed item on the list.  Steph will supply data to support the application (Board Member contact information, etc).

### Hacky Hallowe'en
* Not happening due to funding falling through; to be removed from future adgendas.

### Financial Internal Review
* Was supposed to be presented today; John has a report finished, but Matt and Mike have not signed off on it yet, so he expects to have it to us well in time for the next meeting.

### Lease Renewal
* Christian has not been in touch; Steph is to email him again.

### Heavy Lab Reorganization
* Current task is to finish leveling the floor; it became a big discussion on list.  Review of the thread led us to believe that the metal options had been eliminated; Neil has worked specifically with Ryan and Sean (who are known to do hot metal work back there) and they are OK with wood, especially what with Neils proposal to hinge a section of the floor to provide additional concrete floor for the hot metal activities.  As such, Neil is encouraged to continue with leveling the floor as originally planned.

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting
* Steph to contact Christian
* Cedric to contact Doug
* Cedric to contact Mark Steffen
* Ravi to contact Sean

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: Cedric
    * seconded: James
* Adjourned at: 1004
