# Board Meeting 142

Date: 2015-06-08

Time: 20:30

Address: 33 Kent Ave., Kitchener, ON

Meeting Type: Board Meeting

Minutes by: Steph Smith

## Attending
* James Bastow
* Cedric Puddy
* Stephanie Smith
* Ravi Baboolal
* Jaymis Goertz
* John Wynen

## Absent
* Jonathan Lamothe

## Call to Order
* Called to order
    * by: Cedric Puddy
    * at: 2141

## Approval of Agenda
* Motion to approve
    * by: John Wynen
    * seconded: Jaymis
    * unanimous

## Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
* Approval of minutes from board meeting 141
    * motion to approve
        * by: Jaymis
        * seconded: John
        * unanimous

## Report from President

Congratulates the board on a successful year.

## Report from Treasurer

We're not broke.

## Recurring Business

### Previous Meeting Action Items
* Talk to Bob & Bob about parking (James): In Progress
* Year of Code - contact Terre & Stephanie Rozek (Steph): Done
* Nick Grawburg - contact to let him know he's a member (Steph): Done
* Contact arrears members (Steph & Ravi): Done/In Progress
* Code of Conduct draft (Steph): Done
* Presentation for AGM (James): In Progress

### Membership Applications

None

### Reimbursements & Purchase Approvals

#### Wordpress Theme for Maker Expo
* amount: $61.68
* payable to: Ben Brown
* fund: SP: Maker Expo (pre-approved)

#### Instructing Fee
* amount: $165
* payable to: Neil Eaton
* fund: SP: TWC (pre-approved)

#### Mentoring Fee
* amount: $60
* payable to: Bernie Rohde
* fund: SP: TWC (pre-approved)

#### Mentoring Fee & Expenses
* amount: $195.00
* payable to: Shaun Zimmerman
* fund: SP: TWC (pre-approved)

#### Mentoring Fee & Expenses
* amount: $142.18
* payable to: Christine Van Walraven
* fund: SP: TWC (pre-approved)

#### Venue Booking for Cork Hall (Maker Expo Launch Party)
* amount: $455.74
* payable to: Cam Turner
* fund: SP: Maker Expo (pre-approved)

## New Business

### PCH Hackathon

Bernie presented to the Board. This is hardware hackathon happening this weekend. The organizer contacted kwartzlab to ask if the lab could be made available to participants. 

For an event of this scope, we would need to have members available on site to assist and train participants. Communication with the hackathon organizer has been difficult.

At this point, we have no members advocating for this event. Until that happens, the board has no motion to consider.

### Internal Financial Review

The board reviewed the internal review report prepared by Matt Bell, Mike Molenaar, and Christine Van Walraven. The report recommends that an external audit is not necessary. 

The review committee asked about the status of our asset list. Ravi confirms it lives in Dropbox.

The board should document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events.

### Code of Conduct

The draft Code of Conduct Future has been finalized, and presented to the membership, for consideration at the AGM. The draft does indicate that a board contact list will be posted somewhere in the space; this is currently not the case, and need to be done by the new board.

### Dirk Hamoen's Withdrawl

The board acknowledges Dirk Hamoen's withdrawal.

## Old Business

### Year of Code Partnership

We have been invited to have a table at their launch event on July 4, however we don't yet have any volunteers to take them up on this.

### AGM

Robert Gissing has volunteered to act as election coordinator.

Agenda needs to go out on the 15. 

### TWC Partnership

$35.46 left over, which Kwartzlab is accepting as a donation.

Programs which result in kwartzlab members getting paid is a net positive.

### Maker Expo

Lots of things happening. Swag has been created. 17 Maker applicants. In talks with a variety of groups to do demos. Darin will be presenting Maker Expo at TON.

### Heavy Lab Reorganization

Electrical is going slow. Our project is no longer prioritized by the electricial. He appears to only be working on our stuff when he doesn't have anything else lined up. Ravi to talk to Neil for an update. 

## Review of New Action Items from this Meeting

* Action item: talk to Bob & Bob about parking (James) 
* Presentation for AGM (James): In Progress
* New Board: post board contact info on Board locker
* New Board: document best practices for treasurer & cash handling procedures for special events
* Ravi: follow up with Neil on Electrical work

## Adjournment
* Motion to adjourn
    * by: Ravi Baboolal
    * seconded by: Jaymis Goertz
    * unanimous
* Adjourned at: 9:29
